C# patterns reference: introduction and general revision (#23622)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/operators/patterns.md

---
title: "Patterns - C# reference"
description: "Learn about the patterns supported by C# pattern matching expressions and statements - C# reference"
ms.date: 04/05/2021
f1_keywords: 
  - "and_CSharpKeyword"
  - "or_CSharpKeyword"
  - "not_CSharpKeyword"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "pattern matching [C#]"
  - "and keyword [C#]"
  - "or keyword [C#]"
  - "not keyword [C#]"
---
# Patterns (C# reference)

> Beginning with C# 7.0, the following C# expressions and statements support pattern matching:

Reviewer: I would add a sentence noting that pattern matching syntax has been enhanced in each version of C#:

```suggestion
C# introduced pattern matching in C# 7.0. Pattern matching expressions have been extended in each version since 7.0 The following C# expressions and statements support pattern matching:
```

Author: @BillWagner thank you; I've rephrased your suggestion; please check the latest commit.
